following a hearing centered on
conflicting ballistics testimony at the
Sirhan Sirhan trial Los Angeles
supervisor Baxter Ward is calling for an
official reopening of the Senator Robert
Kennedy assassination case in the course
of the hearing called by ward two
firearms experts raised questions about
the fusillade of bullets fired on that
fateful night some six years ago that
could if substantiated bear out claims
that more than one gun was used in the
assassination the testimony today
reinforced the earlier affidavit of mr.
Harper and statements from two other
criminologists both of whom I believe
are nationally respected one coming from
Northern California one from New York
nailed down conclusively that the
bullets did not match up in their
primary characteristics Kennedy
supporter Paul Schrade who was seriously
wounded that night in the Ambassador
Hotel in Los Angeles has been following
Ward's attempt to get the case reopened
with more than casual interest the
difference between the bullets in
evidence could mean there was a second
gun possibly a second assassin we don't
know we don't even know if Sirhan was
the assassin although the obvious
evidence led everyone to conclude that
supervisor Warren who currently is a
Democratic candidate for governor in
California will make a formal
presentation of his findings next week